# The Intelligent Police Support System in a Smart City with the environment simulation

The aim of the thesis was to model the operation of a multi-agent system in a smart city, along with defining and classifying the context that the agents use. The chosen domain was police interventions, with the possibility of them turning into shootings. In order to reliably represent a system, that can operate in reality, agents exist within a distributed system, communicating asynchronously. A solution designed in this way requires the selection of appropriate technologies and the definition of possible messages to enable the flow of knowledge between agents involved in communication. For this purpose, it was decided to use tools such as .NET - to implement the main logic, RabbitMQ - for communication between microservices, PostgreSQL with postGIS - to use OSM data. Additionally, a tool was designed to visualize the system's current state and to collect data that would enable further analysis. Testing the impact of contextual data was possible thanks to a simulation, that simulates the system's operation. Simulated units can move around complex metropolises, thanks to integration with OpenStreetMap. The entire system was containerized using Docker technology. The designed solution has many configuration options, which allows it to be adapted to the needs of a specific problem. In this case, it was decided to check its operation based on a map of the city of Krakow. Based on the system's operation, results were obtained and analyzed in terms of the impact of contextual data on the decision-making process. The conclusion reached is the possibility of a positive impact of taking into account contextual data on the system's performance results.

The thesis was written in the Polish language.

Implementation can be found here: [AGH-Police-Support-System](https://github.com/Varil426/AGH-Police-Support-System).
